1. Currently receiving data from 3 sources:
	a. Barb O'Connor, who runs a script against a legacy database (easiest data to receive).
	b. Chris Malta - runs a report against ADP database, she informed me that she has to prioritize her work at times and I may have to wait.
	c. Renee Betti - collects data on hand written forms, and creates a spreadsheet and sends it to me when requested. Has to wait for all doctors to submit the data before she can hand it off to me.

2. Date, data was received from Barb O'Connor last 3 months:
	a.	6/3	
	b.	7/2
	c.	8/2
	
3. Was told to have the reports ready by 5th of every month.
	- asking for it on the 3rd was not unrealistic, given the timeline.
	
4. How am I going to receive physician data?
	a. Currently receiving it from Renee Betti, who is getting it in hand-written forms from physicians.
	b. You stated in your email, that I will be receiving it from new director.
		- I would have had no idea that I was supposed to be receiving it from the new director. 
		- I had no knowledge that a new director was hired and was supposed to be giving me physician data.
	
5. I currently receive the worker data from Chris Malta, in a report that has to be translated to fit my database.
	a. I wrote her an email last Friday asking me for the data, she said during payroll week, she has to prioritize payroll and it could force a delay (like it did last week).
	b. I have talked to Mike. We have discussed me using the ADP database and circumventing Chris Malta, to get the data I need. If we can successfully do this we will be able to get the reports in a more timely fashion.
	
6. Next couple months, I still may have to rely on Chris, so we may have some delays until I successfully find a way to integrate the ADP database with my code.

7. I would like:
	a.	a realistic timeline to complete the integration of the ADP database (asking 2 months).
	b.	I would like a confirmation when you actually want me to get the reports to you, if the 5th of the month is too late.